dude nothing my house has this ever
happened to you you're shooting baskets
and you just can't make a shot not
anymore because now you have the new
stretchy sleeve you'll increase your
shot percentage by 100% guaranteed and
everyone on your team will think you're
a ball hog because you'll be shooting
the ball every time well who cares what
they think cuz you'll be making all the
points
let's have a word from our satisfied
customer before this stretchy sleeve I
couldn't hit a thing now with this
breathable stretchable and stylish
fabric I'm hitting everything on the
cord they also come in kid sizes with
this brand-new revolution of shooting
sleeve technology the stretchy sleep
will increase your shot percentage blood
percentage and rebound percentage you
can own one of these stretchy sleeves
for only one low price of $19.99 but if
you call right now in the next 10
minutes you can add a second stretchy
sleeve but you'll just have to pay
shipping and handling it is also
available at Dick's Foot Locker and
finish arm side effects include loss of
circulation and arm amputation of arm
because of loss of circulation and arm
heart attack stroke liver cancer and
death thanks stretchy sleeve thanks
stretchy sleeve thanks stretchy sleep